property-grid rc (#164)
iTwin/viewer-components-react: packages/property-grid/README.md

# @itwin/property-grid-react

Copyright © Bentley Systems, Incorporated. All rights reserved.

The property-grid-react package provides React components to access the property grid within an iModel.

## Usage

> ### What to add in your ITwin AppUI based application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What to add in your iTwin AppUI based application
```

### Call PropertyGridManager.initialize() **_before_** making use of the provided Property Grid Provider

```ts
import { PropertyGridManager } from "@itwin/property-grid-react";
...
await PropertyGridManager.initialize(IModelApp.localization);
```

### Register Property Grid Provider

```ts
import { UiItemsManager } from "@itwin/appui-abstract";
import { PropertyGridManager } from "@itwin/property-grid-react";
...
UiItemsManager.register(
  new PropertyGridUiItemsProvider({ ...PropertyGridProps })
);
```

### Property Grid options

```ts
interface PropertyGridProps {
  orientation?: Orientation;
  isOrientationFixed?: boolean;
  enableFavoriteProperties?: boolean;
  favoritePropertiesScope?: FavoritePropertiesScope;
  enableCopyingPropertyText?: boolean;
  enableNullValueToggle?: boolean;
  enablePropertyGroupNesting?: boolean;
  additionalContextMenuOptions?: ContextMenuItemInfo[];
  rulesetId?: string;
  rootClassName?: string;
  dataProvider?: PresentationPropertyDataProvider;
  onInfoButton?: () => void;
  onBackButton?: () => void;
  disableUnifiedSelection?: boolean;
}
```

### Adding your own options to the property grid context menu

> It is possible to provide additional funcitonality to your users via the context menu of the property grid. This `additionalContextMenuOptions` props expects an array filled with `ContextMenuItemInfo` objects, which has the following members:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to provide additional functionality to your users via the context menu of the property grid. This `additionalContextMenuOptions` prop expects an array filled with `ContextMenuItemInfo` objects, which has the following members:
```
